but yeah as far as makeup is concerned
the spring stuff is starting to come out
Revlon's already showing this spring
nail polish line because I think I like
this Marc Marquez on my chest oh he's a
fashion designer so they're starting to
work with him now so it looks like like
they're starting to bring out some of
their spring nail polish stuff and I
think a couple of other companies are
going to know what sheep have already
starting to show what their spring stuff
is gonna be so but yeah for now I didn't
get anything but um just to let you know
and just to give you a review
I I can't stand these these are out
thicker the next ones are very gel like
and I learned how to use them the next
ones with pal I usually put either
powder and the gel or just gel and
glitter with the next ones because the
next ones crease horribly but I started
learning a tape if I want to do a
glitter shadow I could use the next ones
or a Korean shadow so I think that's the
only thing that that's good for I tried
using this with a powder because with
the next one with the powder will set it
somewhat this is so greasy I opened I
can't open right now it's gonna be a
hard time but um I don't want to use my
nails I tried inside is mostly the
creamy gel it's like a different check
texture from the creams and it's not
quite gel like like the next the second
in between and most of the glitters on
top although throughout it to still have
some glitter inside probably when you
mix it with the top it just has this
horrible greasy look to it it's it's
just when I try putting on my like the
console color the grease was getting
into my contour I absolutely cannot
stand these I'm thinking about taking
them all back because they you know you
can't get your money back
yeah and probably that that Christmas
gel trios are probably going to be the
same I haven't tried it yet but yeah I
think I don't like
you
I will see you next week with the 1920s